Osmond welcome to Panama
Thank You ambassador now the odds not
drum - in the trade foreign ministers
lifelessness for an ancient it down to
his last year
Panama is a land of opportunity boy but
karma who doesn't know that the world's
biggest rain gauges and fall into the
wrong hands
now that's in the wrong hands but here
what a good spy really need I'm moving
up a little nap left keeping an eye on a
canal and what to do is my assistant
idler is the spy a resolve this mark
great contracts and no gender so who is
this in the outside it will be
presentations again you say that I am in
Des Moines you want to know something
about the canal discussing between you
my husband military so soon welcome to
Panama had to Blanca without heroes
he's getting all the information he
could ever use so I bring home papers
canal stuff literally dragon we even if
it's not the truth
in telling and even acknow British
liaison material characterizes major
duplicity of Annamayya government level
you've been located all my private
papers spying on his own wife maybe
you'd be healthier if you start to
tailor I saw the totally unpopular my
rapid response units are on full alert
stomach I'm late
traitor life imitating art would you
come down that long to tell me what has
he got Aryan to this spring the balance
of power that's double engine is about
to be altered
right